Update link to 'a word on promises' (#247)
ember-learn/guides-source: guides/v3.5.0/glossary/web-development.md

Ember makes use of these in places like the model hook for a route. Until the promise resolves, Ember is able to put the route into a "loading" state.

* [An open standard for sound, interoperable JavaScript promises](https://promisesaplus.com/)

> * [emberjs.com - A word on promises](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/glossary/web-development/#toc_promise)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [emberjs.com - A word on promises](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/getting-started/js-primer/#toc_promises)
```
